docs/docker.md, before:

# Docker

There are two docker compose files within this repository:

* ``docker-compose.yml`` contains the dev environment
* ``prod.yml`` contains the production environment

# Dev Environment

ToDo

# Production Environment

1. Create a new user called ``tickets`` and add it into the ``docker`` group:
```
useradd tickets
usermod -aG docker tickets
```
1. Run ``docker-compose -f prod.yml build``
1. Create a systemd startup file for this docker-compose image:
```
# /etc/systemd/system/docker-compose-tickets.service

[Unit]
Description=Docker Compose Tickets App Service
Requires=docker.service
After=docker.service

[Service]
User=tickets
Group=Tickets
WorkingDirectory=/home/tickets/django_upgrade_video/
ExecStart=/usr/local/bin/docker-compose -f prod.yml up
ExecStop=/usr/local/bin/docker-compose -f prod.yml stop
TimeoutStartSec=0
Restart=on-failure
StartLimitIntervalSec=60
StartLimitBurst=3

[Install]
```
1. Reload systemd: ``systemctl daemon-reload``
1. And enable the service: ``systemctl enable docker-compose-tickets``
1. Start the service (or reboot): ``systemctl start docker-compose-tickets``

Commit message:

Updated docs for docker, upgraded to Python 3.5

docs/docker.md, after:

# Docker

There are two docker compose files within this repository:

* ``docker-compose.yml`` contains the dev environment
* ``prod.yml`` contains the production environment

# Dev Environment

Setting up the docker dev environment is quite simple (it is assumed you have docker up and running, and you know how to use docker-compose):

1. Run ```docker-compose build``` to build the Dockerfiles for this project
2. Similar to the instructions in [app.md](app.md), we need to do the following steps:
2.a: Run migrations: ```docker-compose run --rm python python manage.py migrate```
2.b: Create a super user: ```docker-compose run --rm python python manage.py createsuperuser```
3. Last but not least, we can start all services using ```docker-compose up```. You should be able to access the app via **http://0.0.0.0:8000/** in your browser.

# Production Environment

1. Create a new user called ``tickets`` and add it into the ``docker`` group:
```
useradd tickets
usermod -aG docker tickets
```
1. Run ``docker-compose -f prod.yml build``
1. Create a systemd startup file for this docker-compose image:
```
# /etc/systemd/system/docker-compose-tickets.service

[Unit]
Description=Docker Compose Tickets App Service
Requires=docker.service
After=docker.service

[Service]
User=tickets
Group=Tickets
WorkingDirectory=/home/tickets/django_upgrade_video/
ExecStart=/usr/local/bin/docker-compose -f prod.yml up
ExecStop=/usr/local/bin/docker-compose -f prod.yml stop
TimeoutStartSec=0
Restart=on-failure
StartLimitIntervalSec=60
StartLimitBurst=3

[Install]
```
1. Reload systemd: ``systemctl daemon-reload``
1. And enable the service: ``systemctl enable docker-compose-tickets``
1. Start the service (or reboot): ``systemctl start docker-compose-tickets``
